hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 3 and
honestly I came and believe it's august
already this year has gone by so
ridiculously fast anyway so today I'm
going to talk about sort of the detox
symptoms you might experience when
starting to eat plant-based and cut out
meat and dairy products even for me to
go from just a regular whatever vegan to
eating more plant-based I experienced a
lot of these symptoms and I didn't know
what was going on and for the first
couple weeks I thought like this isn't
gonna work I hate feeling this way this
kind of sucks but it was just a period i
needed to go through to detox all of the
like toxins in my body so first i was
super cold and I was always I've always
kind of been more of a colder person
anyway but I was unbearably cold all the
time I would wear three layers and sit
in front of the fireplace all day it was
really bad and second for the first few
days of eating plant-based I was really
dizzy all the time and I think it was
from the blood sugar spikes and drops
and my body just wasn't used to
digesting that much sugar at a time so
yeah it took some time to level out and
become normalized again but after that
then the you know sugar Peaks started to
stay higher for longer and there was
less of a draw I also was really tired
too and I was getting a ton of sleep and
I wasn't sure what was going on I
thought I should be getting all this
energy like everyone's saying but I was
tired I also was never hungry but I
don't know if that was more of a detox
symptoms no I don't think it was as much
of a detox symptom compared to just
getting used to being so full all the
time so took a few weeks to get used to
being hungry again so that was just me
but I know other people also experienced
stomach aches or headaches maybe even
like acne and break out some mood swings
so if you are starting to eat more
plants or cutting out certain food
groups especially those containing
animal products which are pumped with
hormones and tons of chemicals and stuff
then you're going to be experiencing
some some of these symptoms when
switching out and I just don't want to
need you to be discouraged by this
because it's totally normal and it just
means you're going to feel so much
better later on yeah this actually came
up in a conversation I was having the
other day and someone's friend had just
gone vegan and they were feeling really
crappy and a lot of symptoms that I
experienced and I actually mentioned
like this happened to me but it goes
away so if if it happens to you at all
just you know hang in there continue
doing what you're doing and know that
this is not the fault of the fruits and
vegetables and eating healthier but it's
more an effect from the unhealthy ways
you may have been coming from so I just
wanted to get this quick little video up
there thank you guys for watching and
please let me know if you have any video
suggestions for my one video a day
through August because I know I'm
definitely gonna need some ideas so yeah
let me know what you want to see and I
hope you guys have a really great day
and I will see you next time bye